the end zone
Seattle's go on to the Super Bowl
Jermaine Kearse
jono safety in the middle of the field
they got one on one no middle help
Jermaine Kearse takes the middle of the
field he beats Ramon Williams and
another perfectly thrown pass by Russel
Wilson when the game was on the line he
had to start making some plays Russell
Wilson Marshawn Lynch they made them and
as good as his Packers defense had been
throughout the game for about 55 minutes
they couldn't make the stop on three
straight possessions when they had to
and Seattle's moving on how about
Jermaine Kearse the local kid played
collegiately in Washington signed as a
free agent was with San Francisco with
Chicago back with Seattle Russel Wilson
tried to get it to him
four times in this game and threw four
interceptions earlier that's his one
catch and the local kid good from 35
yards out to send Pete Carroll and the
Seahawks back in a Super Bowl